---
layout: page
title: Kerouac like frenzy
author: Dario Haxhiraj
date: 2025-03-07 23:45:33 +0100
categories: me
excerpt: This is an article I started as an "about me" section on the "Me" page of my website
permalink: /blog/:title
---


I asked ChatGpt to do this, but after hours of trying to teach linear algebra about people (me), I remembered that I used to teach linear algebra to some people. The irony made me realize that my foot was convulsing from the impatience and these quotes blitzed inside my brain.

> "Beauty will be convulsive or not at all."- Andre Breton

> "I have no right to drag others into my river." - Tristan Tzara

> "I understand that and not knowing how to express myself without pagan words I'd rather remain silent." - Arthur Rimbaud

And yet, today is the anniversary of the opening of the first school taught in my native tongue, exactly two weeks before the national pagan holiday "Summer's Day". I do have the freedom of the pagan words. And I am extremely passionate about these pagan words, as much as I am passionate about linear algebra. And to ChatGpt (in a french accent 😼Gpt) and these french / naturalized french / french speaking poets who died in France i say:

> "Only temptation is divine" - Breton

> "I open my heart to creation" -Tzara

> "I am alone in possessing a key to this barbarous sideshow" -Rimbaud

In this rebellious state, where I am expressing my opposition to the writing principles , as I am finishing scribing this article for the orange section of my website on my orange Notebook, I say hello and thank you to you, dear reader, for showing patience in this journey into my thoughts. My name is Dario. My favorite color is orange, like a peach or the sunset reflection at the meet point of the Ionian and Adriatic sea, in my hometown.

> Every page must explode, either by profound heavy seriousness, the whirlwind...enthusiasm for principles, or it's typography. - Tristan Tzara